Create ui-c8y-1021-56-0-console-error-on-reading-plugin-version-label-8433-graft-release-cd.md (#3137)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/platform-services/ui-c8y-1021-56-0-console-error-on-reading-plugin-version-label-8433-graft-release-cd.md

---
date: ""

> title: Added plugin label to plugin versions view

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Added plugin label to package content information for plugin versions
```

> title: Console error on reading plugin version label (#8433) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#8742)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Added plugin label to plugin versions view
```

product_area: Platform services
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-0UgqXH1Ys
    label: Administration
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-62700
version: 1021.56.0
---

> Console error on reading plugin version label (#8433) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#8742)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the "Package contents" section of the selected plugin version, each plugin listed will have its own label indicating its type. Previously, no label was shown and a console log error was thrown.
```

> In the "Package contents" section of the selected plugin version, each plugin listed will have its own label indicating its type. Previously, no label was shown and a console log error was thrown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the **Versions** tab of an extension, the **Package contents** section of a selected plugin version now shows a label for each plugin version listed indicating its type. Previously, no label was shown and a console log error was thrown.
```
